Similarities between real life and computer world
http://maran-emil.de/index.php/articles/view/106

Computer Languages (C++, Java, PHP, Python) - World Languages (English and other languages)
Communicating and knowing multiple languages, makes the Communication better. English can be seen as Assembler language, base language, universal. Spanish, German, French and other few can be as strong languages like C++ and Java.

Computer Cache - History artefacts
In comparison, we can find old artefacts underground, the result of mankind activity. The same thing can be found as cache in computers, old activity with left traces. Both can be analysed, both give a certain date in time and other informations.

Software/Applications/Tools - Real life products/Cars/Life Beans
Software runs in the OS System and so we, acting like a Computer Program combined with Intelligence (AI), executing tasks and learning from past experience. A tool can be a Car, which is used for a scope, the same with deploy script or cronjob in computer world.

Software hooks(WF) - Life hooks(LF)
As we see, hook are made to create work flows in activity, to improve the process. So, we have such things too, I would call them life flows, can be morning coffee, sport activities, meetings, etc..

Game cheaters - Life cheaters
Like in games, there are people which always try to cheat in some way the rules/systems. They have "cheat codes", connections, informations.

System OS/Game Simulations - Communism/Capitalism
Social, political, economic system, each of these can be associated with Computer OS, Windows, Linux, Mac. Each OS system (North Korea, USA) can run in parallel with other systems on the same machine(Earth).

Frameworks - Society forms( schools, fabrics, industry)
Described as "software providing generic functionality" or "universal, reusable software environment that provides particular functionality", we see that schools and other entities from society are having this meaning, universal role to produce the mass of individuals with certain skills in short time ( high school, university, companies ).

Police/Army/ISIS/Gangs - Computer Anti-virus and Viruses, Malware
We may say that Police/Army is the Anti-virus in our OS. On the other side we see terrorists and gangs (some of game cheaters) damaging the OS, stealing the system resources, acting like Malware Programs, kind of Stuxnet equivalent in real life. But also Gov. Agencies/Police are acting in a grey zone, collaborating with Gangs sometimes.

OS Hardware VM Platform - Earth?
Yep, everything runs here on Earth for the moment, so Earth is the Hardware that supports multiple OS systems :) We have some observers (satellites) in our Network (Solar system). This part sounds pretty scary if we think that on computers sometimes we have to do a complete format, to delete completely the OS and all files/settings and to re-install a new fresh OS, which can be the same OS or new OS version.

Computer Network/Hardware - Our Solar system
We have many photos from are Network, still we don't know how it fully works (Universal Forces - Communications protocols) at least we know how are computer protocols work :)

Computer Cloud - Galaxy
Our galaxy is a cloud of stars, our computer network is a cloud of VM machines. If VM machines can be switched off, can be an Solar system switched off too (Black holes or Crashes).

All Computer Clouds/Internet - Universe
The complete amount of Computer Clouds, Galaxies.

Updates 2020:

Human Fingerprint - blockchain hashes
We are the first Proof of concept (PoC) of block chain. Each finger print is unique, the same way, block chain hashes.

Galaxies events - Internet posts
Internet posts - are like events on far galaxies, we accidentily see them after months or years.

Repair countries - OS reinstall
Why not? Making backup (move population on save zone), restore OS (rebuild country), restore data (in our case, citizens).

Hobbiers - A.I. bias overfitting
we tend to enjoy a lot hobbies, that means, the more time you spent on hobbies, the more you get addicted.
Somehow, overfitting in machine learning works the same, if train data is not 50%/50% splitted,  Artificial Neural Network will learn more from the part where more data is.

Die - Exiting Games?

Each person is like a Mobile Phone, carrying a bunch of app to be able to addapt in some environment ( location / country ).





