
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer - Fraud Engineering, Algorithms, and Risk
Santa Clara Valley (Cupertino), California, United States
Software and Services

https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200021154/machine-learning-engineer-fraud-engineering-algorithms-and-risk?team=SFTWR

Summary
Posted: Feb 16, 2019
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number: 200021154
Key Qualifications

Strong working knowledge of machine learning algorithms including classifiers, clustering algorithms and anomaly detection techniques.
Familiarity with database modeling and data warehousing principles and SQL.
Familiarity with Big Data tools like Spark, Hive etc.
Strong programming skills in Scala, Java, Python, or similar language
Excellent social, written, and verbal communication skills
Ability and solace working independently and making key decisions on projects
Industry experience preferred but exceptional fresh graduates may also apply

Description
We are responsible for tackling fraud, abuse & account security problems across Apple’s Internet Services. You will work hand-in-hand with other engineers, program managers and business partners to identify problems, define data-driven solutions, execute plans, measure and communicate results on a regular basis.

Education & Experience
Ph.D. or Masters in a quantitative field, such as Computer Science, Applied Mathematics, or Statistics, or equivalent professional experience.

Apple is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. We also take affirmative action to offer employment and advancement opportunities to all applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. Apple will not discriminate or retaliate against applicants who inquire about, disclose, or discuss their compensation or that of other applicants.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Posted February 15, 2019
Machine Learning Scientist - SEMA
Ann Arbor, MI, USA Full Time
competitive compensation including stock options

https://www.crunchboard.com/jobs/8089464-machine-learning-scientist-sema-at-sema

Who We Are

Sema is using cutting-edge machine learning science to reduce technical debt and transform software maintenance.
Software maintenance can eat up 50-60% of a company’s technology budget, infuriating end users, engineers, CTOs and CEOs alike. We are fixing this problem. We’re backed by the top global VCs.
You’ll have the opportunity to work with a multidisciplinary team including software developers and architects, product designers, other DS/ML/DL scientists, and exceptional partners in industry and academia.
Please note: This position will begin remotely, eventually migrating to one of our hubs in SE Michigan, Baltimore or other. A portion of your compensation may be in equity.

Also note that no sponsorship is available. Must be a U.S. Citizen or Green Card Holder.

Minimum Qualifications (Must have)

Machine learning experience
MS in Computer Science, Statistics, Data Science or related field, or equivalent intensive training and accompanying portfolio
Strong proficiency and understanding of machine learning algorithms & principles, deep learning, probabilistic models, and Bayesian and statistical design
Strong proficiency with Python and high performance computing
Experience with DL & ML libraries (tensorflow, keras, pytorch, sklearn)
Coding experience from inception through implementation in a production environment
Experience with cloud programming and architectures (AWS)
Solid understanding of good programming practices, architecture, design patterns and unit & e2e testing
Excellent communication and presentation skills
Known for passion and perseverance to pursue long-term goals through short-term high performance
Energized by driving innovative solutions and adapting quickly to new data
Demonstrate outstanding personal initiative and the ability to work effectively as part of a team
Desire to apply your skills in the service of a greater mission – fully automating the world’s software maintenance
Preferred Qualifications

Excellent software engineering skills in Python, Java, or C++
Domain experience in software analysis, parsers and grammars, and/or compilers
Experience working in Industry
Experience working with missing, time-series, high-dimensional, noisy, labeled, and sparse datasets
Experience working with graph traversal techniques, DAGs, and using ML & DL with graph data and graph networks
Experience running experimental ML and DL pipelines, hyper-parameter tuning, and training on large datasets
Experience in a start-up environment
Experience with causal and counterfactual inference

Compensation

We offer competitive compensation including stock options, and the rare opportunity to contribute significantly to the growth of a new company from the very beginning.
We will consider and adjust the level of responsibility and compensation for exceptional candidates with different levels of seniority and experience.
Additional Application Instructions
Please apply to Kristen@AmyCellTalent.com, or via our website: https://www.amycelltalent.com/job-seeker-programs/browse-job-postings/id-20190211-1253/

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Postdoctoral Researchers: Machine Learning, Data Analytics, and Text Mining at UCLA
https://jobs.sciencecareers.org/job/493223/postdoctoral-researchers-machine-learning-data-analytics-and-text-mining-at-ucla/?TrackID=9

Employer University of California Los Angeles
Location UCLA, Los Angeles, California, USA
Salary Salaries are commensurate with experience.
Posted February 14 2019
Discipline Life Sciences, Bioinformatics, Biomedical Sciences, Computational Biology, Physiology, Proteomics, Physical Sciences, Computer Sciences, Health Sciences, Cardiovascular, Clinical Research
Position Type Full Time
Organization Type Academia
Job Type Postdoc, Postdoc Fellowship

 Send
 Save Apply
Two NIH-supported postdoctoral positions are available in the Cardiovascular Data Science Program at UCLA.

The ﬁrst position will receive training on clinical text data analysis (e.g., clinical case report and EHR); this position will be co-mentored by Dr. Peipei Ping and Dr. Karol Watson at Department of Medicine/Division of Cardiology.
The second position will receive training on machine learning supported proteomic data analysis; this position will be co-mentored by Dr. Peipei Ping and Dr. Wei Wang, Director of the Scalable Analytics Institute at the Henry Samueli School of Engineering at  UCLA.


Qualiﬁcations: Candidates should have or be very close to obtaining a PhD, a MD, or a MD/PhD. Applicants must have a strong background in quantitative biology, or a related ﬁeld. Experience in computation is highly desirable, but not required. It is essential that applicants have previously demonstrated a passionate work ethic, strong enthusiasm for Big Data research, and a propensity for scientiﬁc achievement.

All Applications should include the following:

Curriculum vitae;
Contact information of at least three references;
Brief description of past research experience and accomplishments, current and future research interests, and expected availability date.
Please send inquiries to Dr. Dominic Ng: dominicng@g.ucla.edu and specify the position to which you are applying. Applications will be reviewed immediately as received and are due no later than May 1st, 2019, with a ﬂexible start date.

The University of California, Los Angeles is an Equal Opportunity/ Afﬁrmative Action Employer advancing inclusive excellence.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Siri - Machine Learning Engineer, Proactive Intelligence
Santa Clara Valley (Cupertino), California, United States
Software and Services
https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200009189/siri-machine-learning-engineer-proactive-intelligence?team=SFTWR

Summary
Posted: Feb 13, 2019
Weekly Hours: 40
Role Number: 200009189

Key Qualifications
Experience in using machine learning techniques for classification, regression, or ranking problems.
Experience in building predictive models for recommendations or personalization.
Design and implementation of shipping, innovative consumer products.
Minimum of 5 years experience building large-scale consumer facing software.
Experience with search or indexing is a plus.
Experience with deep learning and neural networks is a plus.
Experience in compiled languages C, C++, Java, Objective-C, or Swift is a plus.

Description
In Siri you will use your specialized knowledge and general skills to great novel machine learned features.  You will prototype these features one day and optimize inner loops the next.  We are looking for your strong mix of education and practical experience.  Come dive into these interesting problems head-first.

Work includes:

* Using NLP and ML techniques to extract structure from unstructured data.
* Devising ways to build large-scale models while protecting users' privacy.
* Ensuring high quality and agility with unit and integration tests


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Data Scientist, AI For Good
Washington DC, United States

https://www.datarobot.com/careers/job/1551708/


Main Requirements

* 3+ years of real-world business experience with data science projects, ideally having experience applying these to data for good use cases
* Hands-on experience building and implementing predictive models
* Hands on experience with machine learning techniques,
* Strong understanding of applied statistics and data mining/munging techniques
* Excellent organizational, communication, writing and interpersonal skills
* Fluency with one of the scripting languages (Python / R)
* Willingness to travel (10-50%)

Desired Skills

Familiarity with machine learning projects in the NGO/Non-profit/aid space, challenges that can arise, and comfort addressing them
Familiarity with consultative sales process in the analytics marketplace
Familiarity with Hadoop and related Big Data technologies
Experience dealing with non-profit organizations, their data and their challenges
Deep experience with specific industries (e.g. international development, non-profit, NGO) or specific problem types (e.g. time-series, optimization)
Data visualization and storytelling

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Engineer, CyberML
https://www.capitalonecareers.com/job/richmond/machine-learning-engineer-cyberml/1732/10830107

Job ID R67557
Updated date 02/08/2019
Location Richmond, Virginia; Tysons Corner, Virginia
7900 Westpark Drive (12131), United States of America, Tysons, Virginia

Basic Qualifications:

Bachelor’s Degree or Military Experience
At least 3 years of experience working with Machine Learning, Deep Learning or Artificial Intelligence
At least 3 years programming in Python and at least 3 years programming in Ruby, or R, or Matlab, or C++, or Scala, or Java
At least 2 years of experience designing and building full stack solutions

Preferred Qualifications:

Master’s Degree or PhD
2+ years of experience with cloud software design using microservices
3+ years of experience with machine learning libraries TensorFlow, or Pytorch, or Keras

What we work on:
Building machine learning models to detect phishing links, emails, and attachments
Applying classical machine learning as well as deep NNs to identify malicious network traffic
Building models to automate SOC personnel decision making and triage processes.

If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation, please contact Capital One Recruiting at 1-800-304-9102 or via email at RecruitingAccommodation@capitalone.com. All information you provide will be kept confidential and will be used only to the extent required to provide needed reasonable accommodations.
For technical support or questions about Capital One’s recruiting process, please send an email to Careers@capitalone.com
Capital One does not provide, endorse nor guarantee and is not liable for third-party products, services, educational tools or other information available through this site.
Capital One Financial is made up of several different entities. Please note that any position posted in Canada is for Capital One Canada, any position posted in the United Kingdom is for Capital One Europe and any position posted in the Philippines is for Capital One Philippines Service Corp. (COPSSC).


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Universität Stuttgart Deep Learning-Expert/Machine Learning Expert (m/f/d)
https://www.stellenwerk-stuttgart.de/jobboerse/wissenschaftl-stellen-deep-learning-expertmachine-learning-expert-mfd-s-2019-02-22-236349
https://www.stellenwerk-stuttgart.de/jobboerse/wissenschaftl-stellen-deep-learning-expertmachine-learning-expert-mfd-s-2019-02-22-236349

Online seit	22.02.2019 - 10:33
Job-ID S-2019-02-22-236349
Jobtyp Wissenschaftl. Stellen

Ideal candidates additionally have:

Experience with frameworks like TensorFlow, Theano, or Torch
Hands-on experience with high-level APIs such as Keras or pyTorch
Understanding of the Apache Hadoop ecosystem (e.g. Hive, Pig, or Spark)
Good knowledge in using relational and NoSQL databases like MySQL, MongoDB, or Elasticsearch
Familiarity with data visualization techniques and software (such as Tableau)

Kontaktdaten
Ansprechpartner	 Frau Agnes Lampke
Einsatzort	 Nobelstrasse
19 70569 Stuttgart Deutschland
Telefon	 +49 711 68587210
E-Mail	bewerbungen@hlrs.de

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Machine Learning Video Algorithms Engineer
Santa Clara Valley (Cupertino), California, United States
Hardware

https://jobs.apple.com/en-us/details/200020686/machine-learning-video-algorithms-engineer?team=HRDWR

Key Qualifications
Expert knowledge of the principles, algorithms, and techniques in video and image processing, or machine learning, or computer vision technology
Excellent software design, problem solving, and debugging skills
Solid programming skills and C/C++ coding abilities
Good written and oral communication skills
Knowledge and experience in video compression standards, such as H.264, HEVC, AV1, VP9, VVC are a big plus
Familiarity with video processing algorithms such as tone mapping, scaling, noise reduction etc would be a plus
Expert knowledge in digital signal processing and information theory would be a bonusUnderstanding of hardware-based techniques and able to forge ideas that will work in a hardware implementation would be a plus

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Doctoral student in Deep Learning
https://euraxess.ec.europa.eu/jobs/382845

ORGANISATION/COMPANY KTH Royal Institute of Technology
RESEARCH FIELD Computer science › Other
Engineering › Other
RESEARCHER PROFILE First Stage Researcher (R1)
APPLICATION DEADLINE 28/03/2019 00:00 - Europe/Brussels


LOCATION Sweden › Stockholm
TYPE OF CONTRACT Temporary
JOB STATUS Full-time
HOURS PER WEEK 38

Type of employment: Temporary position longer than 6 months
Contract type: Full time
First day of employment: According to agreement
Salary: Monthly salary according to KTH's doctoral student salary agreement
Number of positions: 1
Working hours: 100%
City: Stockholm
County: Stockholms län
Country: Sweden
Reference number: J-2019-0496
Contact:

Kevin Smith / Assistant Professor, ksmith@kth.se
Maria Engman / HR-officer, maengm@kth.se



--------------------------------------------------------------------

Senior Engineer - Python Machine Learning-19003668
Description
https://axp.taleo.net/careersection/2/jobdetail.ftl?job=19003668&lang=en

Why American Express

Principal Responsibilities:
Hands-on technical projects; Apply analysis based on research and introspection to recommend solutions.
Design and lead solutions that provide frameworks, interfaces, and services that can be extended and reused across the portfolio.
Ensure architecture is consistent with enterprise architecture standards, guidelines and principles.
Work with engineering teams to ensure that implementations are aligned with the Technical Platform’s Blueprint specifications.
Designs, codes, tests, maintains, and documents applications
Contribute to technology direction, develop architecture and influence implementation to gain measurable business improvements.
Frequently collaborate with other functional teams' leadership and engineers to align and demonstrate solutions.
Focused effort on delivering enterprise-grade APIs to expose Technical Platform capabilities.
Apply specialized knowledge of industry standards or practices to assigned initiatives.
Identify complex and or broad problems and issues and formulate recommendations.
Interact with business partners to better understand their objectives and help them understand the technical landscape.
Extend business product innovation through the introduction, adoption and implementation of technology.

Qualifications

6+ years of active engineering and/or architecture experience in a complex environment and/or comparable experience.
Successful design, creation and deployment of one or more enterprise-grade technology assets, including integration of cross-platform solutions in an Agile product environment.
Bachelor’s Degree in computer science, computer science engineering, or related field required; advanced degree preferred.
Expertise in objected oriented analysis and design across a variety of platforms.
Expertise and proven hands on working experiencing in the Python scripting language, at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Solid knowledge with Python libraries such as Numpy, Pandas, Scipy, Matplotlib, NLTK.
2+ years’ experience with leading teams of Python engineers
Ability to collaborate with designers to convert prototype into working applications that adhere to the design vision
Deep understanding of XML, JSON, Web Service technologies, and data structure fundamentals.
Experience in batch, streaming and real-time platforms.
Experience with DevOps tools, automating engineering and operational tasks.
Experience with a broad range of software languages, open source tools and products and financial business domain knowledge will be a plus.
Shown experience in Big Data and Machine Learning technologies such as SQL, Hadoop, pySpark, Kafka, Hive, MapReduce as plus.
Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.


--------------------------------------------------------------------

PhD and PostDoc Positions in Visual Computing / Machine Learning (Prof. Niessner)
https://www.myscience.de/jobs/id143953-phd_and_postdoc_positions_in_visual_computing-machine_learning_prof_niessner-technische_universitaet_muenchen

Anbieter	Technische Universität München
Erschienen	 2. März 2019
Arbeitsort	 München, Bayern, Deutschland
Kategorie	 Informatik / Telekom
Funktion	 Senior Researcher / Postdoc


Topic / Area: The positions are flexible in terms of research direction within 3D vision with a heavy focus on cutting-edge deep
learning-based techniques. We are particularly interested in static and dynamic 3D reconstruction, semantic scene understanding,
and generative models for photo-realistic image/video synthesis. Overall, the main focus is on high-impact research with the aim
to revolutionize the research field in 3D learning. Qualification: - Applicants for a PhD must hold a Master’s degree in computer
science or equivalent - Fluent written and spoken English skills are essential - Proficient C++ coding skills (this is critical
and will be tested) - Experience with deep learning frameworks (TensorFlow / PyTorch) - Excitement, self-motivation, and commitment
to revolutionize the field - Post Doc Applicants Only: academic track record with publications at top-tier venues in computer
vision, graphics, or machine learning (CVPR, ECCV/ICCV, Siggraph, Siggraph Asia, NeurIPS, ICML, ICLR)

How to Apply: - Documents required: CV, research statement, BA and MA transcripts, MA thesis [optional] -
Ask two recommenders who know your work to directly email recommendation letters - Send all documents (incl. rec. letters)
directly to Prof. Matthias Niessner (niessner [at] tum[.]de) - Please understand that we cannot review incomplete applications
TUM and VC & AI Lab: The Technical University’s computer science department is the Top-1 ranked computer science department
in Germany. Our culture is highly international with over 40% international students in the MA program. The visual computing
lab embraces its diverse culture, and is proud to host seven PhD candidates from 5 different countries and 19 Master students
from 10 different countries. Our lab language is English. Website: https://niessnerlab.org/openings.html

Bitte beziehen Sie sich bei Ihrer Bewerbung auf myScience.de und die Referenz  JobID 143953.


--------------------------------------------------------------------

Projektleiter (m/w/d) im Bereich Informatik
Deutsches Krebsforschungszentrum (DKFZ)
69120 Heidelberg, 69120 Heidelberg
https://stellenmarkt.sueddeutsche.de/jobs/projektleiter-m-w-d-im-bereich-informatik-4387871


Projektleiter (m/w/d)
im Bereich Informatik
(Kennziffer 2019-0068)

Ihr Profil:
Erfolgreich abgeschlossener Hochschulabschluss in Bioinformatik, Medizin­informatik, Informatik oder verwandten Fächern
Vorerfahrungen im Bereich Machine Learning
Grundkenntnisse der Programmiersprache Python
Idealerweise Vorerfahrung im Bereich Bildklassifikation mit Deep Neural Networks
Sehr gute Deutsch- und Englischkenntnisse
Teamfähigkeit, detailgenaues und selbstständiges Arbeiten, Organisationstalent, ein hohes Maß an Flexibilität und Engagement
Spaß am Aufbau des Workflows eines neuen Projekts
Die Stelle ist bis 28.02.2020 befristet.

Die Stelle ist grundsätzlich teilbar.

Weitere Informa­tionen erhalten Sie von
Dr. Titus Brinker, Telefon +49 6221 42-1618.

--------------------------------------------------------------------

American Express Careers
Machine Learning EngineerLocations: United States Categories: Digital Commerce Categories: Technology
https://jobs.americanexpress.com/jobs/19003981?lang=en-us


Are you up for the challenge?


Master's degree in Machine Learning, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field, or related industry experience
7+ years of software development experience
3+ years of experience in machine learning and/or statistical modeling techniques
Ability to effectively interpret technical and business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions
Development experience in programming languages C/C++, Python and/or Java
Willingness to learn new technologies and exploit them to their optimal potential
At the core of Software Engineering


Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including:


Agile Practices
Porting/Software Configuration
Programming Languages and Frameworks
Business Analysis
Analytical Thinking
Business Product Knowledge

Employment eligibility to work with American Express in the U.S. is required as the company will not pursue visa sponsorship for these positions.

If the links do not work, please copy and paste the following URLs in a new browser window:

http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/ofccpost.htm and
http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/pdf/EO13665_PrescribedNondiscriminationPostingLanguage_JRFQA508c.pdf


ReqID: 19003981
Schedule (Full-Time/Part-Time): Full-time
Date Posted: Mar 4, 2019, 11:38:07 AM


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Data Science at Boeing
https://jobs.boeing.com/job/bellevue/artificial-intelligence-and-machine-learning-senior-manager/185/12444466

Job ID 00000122286
Date posted 07/03/2019
Location Bellevue, Washington
Company The Boeing Company

Primary Responsibilities include:

    Lead and manage employees and mid-level managers performing advanced data science and analytics.
    Drive the team to build products and services with customer-facing experiences, and execute a portfolio of projects to delight our partners and customers.
    Own aspects of setting long term strategic technical directions as well as the tactical execution of the team to deliver results.
    Address partner pain points, setting priorities, and driving the design, development, and deployment of AI/ML products and services to deliver business results.
    Drive quantitative rigor and business acumen to shape and execute the team’s Data Science strategy which in return drives our product portfolios.
    Work cross-functionally with teams, engage customers and stakeholders with discussions about opportunity, methodologies, culture, and best practices
    Cultivate a motivated team to achieve impactful results in a fast paced experimentation and production-oriented environments.
    Hire and develop the best talent for your team and contribute to the strategic plans for our enterprise analytics
    Coach, mentor and organize team members to deliver cutting edge AI/ML products and services.
    Develop and execute integrated organizational plans, policies and procedures and guide the development of business and technical strategies, goals and objectives

Required Qualifications (Required Skills & Experience):

    This position must meet Export Control compliance requirements, therefore a “US Person” as defined by 22 C.F.R.§120.15 is required. “US Person” includes US Citizen, lawful permanent resident, refugee, or asylum
    A Bachelor's degree in a quantitative/technical field (e.g. science, economics, quantitative finance, operations research, statistics, mathematics, or similar information technology field of study).
    10+ years of people management experience with direct reports in an enterprise environment.
    5+ years of relevant work experience in Data Science and building AI & ML models.
    Background in developing customer-facing experiences, a strong technical ability, excellent project management skills, great communication skills, and a motivation to achieve results in a fast paced production environment.
    Strong team player and passion to execute projects with customer and value first focus.
    Passion for building strong people-focused organizations and know how to define, de-risk and execute against the program’s vision.
    Up-to-date industry and experience in building ML models and bring in to full production use.
    Experience in various machine learning method such as regression, clustering, classification, decision trees, natural language processing, ensemble methods, SVM, deep learning, reinforcement learning, etc.
    Experience with machine learning related open source libraries including, but not limited to: Hadoop, Spark, MLLib, SciKit-Learn, TensorFlow, Theano, etc.

Preferred Qualifications (Desired Skills/Experience):

    Experience training machine learning models in a cloud computing environment such as: Amazon EC2, Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure, etc.
    Programming experience in one or more of the following: C, C++, Java, Python, Scala.
    Experience with statistical software (e.g., R, Octave, Julia, MATLAB, pandas) and database languages (e.g., SQL).
    Experience and knowledge in DevOps for Data Science.
    Knowledge of advance statistics (probability theory and distributions, descriptive statistics, matrix algebra, multivariate statistics, polynomial analysis, parametric and non-parametric methods, etc)
    Master’s or Ph.D. in a quantitative/technical discipline  (e.g. science, economics, quantitative finance, operations research, statistics, mathematics, or similar information technology field of study).

Experience Level Manager - M
Job Type Regular
Contingent Upon Program Award No, this position is not contingent upon program award
Job Code BEH8MM (B37)
Schedule Full time

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Postdoc in Adversarial Machine Learning for Cyber-Security
https://www.jobs.ac.uk/job/BTN430/postdoc-in-adversarial-machine-learning-for-cyber-security

Technical University of Denmark - DTU Compute
Location: 	Lyngby - Denmark
Salary: 	Not Specified
Hours: 	Full Time
Contract Type: 	Fixed-Term/Contract
Placed On: 	4th July 2019
Closes: 	26th August 2019

Research field of the position

This position is part of the research project SecDNS (“Identification of Cyber-Security Threats using Machine Learning”) funded by the Innovation Fund Denmark programme. The goal of SecDNS is to engage artificial intelligence and data science technologies towards developing a unified adversarial classification framework for identifying complex cyber-security threats in the Internet (e.g., malicious domains) and other cloud-based networking paradigms; taking into account uncertainty of data provenance, used for the classification, while handling the necessary belief inference and propagation modelling. The use of machine learning models has become ubiquitous. Their predictions are used to make decisions about a number of critical applications including (amongst others) security in identifying complex cyber-security threats in the context of the Internet (e.g., malicious domains) and other networking environments. These models are widely used in many cyber defence systems for network security operations, malware analysis, etc. But despite the many successes, the very property that makes machine learning desirable: adaptability, is a vulnerability that may be exploited by an attacker that could potentially result in the severe degradation of the integrity, security and performance of cyber defence systems.
The successful candidate will join the Cyber Security Section working on the delivery of new algorithmic and theoretical results on the robustness of machine learning methods, including also reinforcement learning, in adversarial environments, and the development of appropriate classification models capable of handling the uncertainty of the data correctness used for training. Furthermore, carrying out research towards the specification of appropriate belief inference and propagation mechanisms based on a detailed feature constraints analysis and trust management of all data sources as well as market landscapes to allow a detailed design phase to proceed.
Responsibilities and tasks
The goal of the postdoc is to undertake a range of research activities within adversarial machine learning and to investigate, understand, evaluate and improve the effectiveness of machine learning, inference and propagation methods in the presence of motivated and sophisticated adversaries. Carrying out research into the technical building blocks of the proposed architecture including machine learning, reinforcement learning, trust management, Bayesian inference and subjective logic for providing a unified adversarial classification framework.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

https://www.xing.com/jobs/munich-data-scientist-48546232?ijt=jb_5&paging_context=reco

Data Scientist (m/w/d)
Lawrence Harvey Munich
Eingestellt am 08.07.2019
Beschäftigungsart: Vollzeit

What You Bring -
Completed degree in a quantitative area such as physics, (economic) computer science, mathematics, statistics or related fields, preferably with a master's degree or a successful doctoral thesis
Practical experience as Data Scientist or Machine Learning Expert, ideally in the area of ​​Word Processing / Natural Language Processing (NLP)
Profound knowledge of the programming language Python, further knowledge of relevant libraries of advantage, eg Scikit-Learn, Pandas, SpaCy, NLTK
Experience in dealing with relational databases and SQL
Passion and experience in solving analytical problems with the help of quantitative methods and algorithms
Strong ability to communicate complex relationships and insights in a clear, concise and usable way
Enthusiasm for data usage for answering business questions